Fix parameter handling of non-static test methods (#13377)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/13377.bugfix.rst

Fixed handling of test methods with special parameter syntax.

Now, methods are supported that formally define ``self`` as positional-only
and/or fixture parameters as keyword-only, e.g.:

.. code-block:: python

    class TestClass:

        def test_method(self, /, *, fixture):
            ...

Before, this led to:

> .. code-block:: python

Author: `python-console` did it :) – w/o any highlighting though ...

> Fixed ``_pytest.compat.getfuncargnames()`` to correctly handle

Reviewer: Additional advice: you can check the preview @ https://pytest--13377.org.readthedocs.build/en/13377/changelog.html and confirm visually that the style matches the surroundings. It may be helpful to see it among other notes in the context.

> Fixed ``_pytest.compat.getfuncargnames()`` to correctly handle

Author: Thanks @webknjaz for the hint! –& @nicoddemus well, I've tried my best ;) I just have no talent for naming identifiers in example/pseudo code ... What do you think of the result?

> Fixed ``_pytest.compat.getfuncargnames()`` to correctly handle

Reviewer: now the linters don't like it..

Fixed handling of test methods with special parameter syntax.

Now, methods are supported that formally define ``self`` as positional-only
and/or fixture parameters as keyword-only, e.g.:

.. code-block:: python

>     class TestClass:
> 
>         def test_method(self, /, *, fixture): ...
> 
> Before, this led to:
> 
> .. code-block:: python-console
> 
>     pyfuncitem = <Function test_method>
> 
>         @hookimpl(trylast=True)
>         def pytest_pyfunc_call(pyfuncitem: Function) -> object | None:
>             testfunction = pyfuncitem.obj
>             if is_async_function(testfunction):
>                 async_fail(pyfuncitem.nodeid)
>             funcargs = pyfuncitem.funcargs
>             testargs = {arg: funcargs[arg] for arg in pyfuncitem._fixtureinfo.argnames}
>     >       result = testfunction(**testargs)
>                  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>     E       TypeError: TestClass.test_method() missing 1 required positional argument: 'fixture'

Reviewer 2: This is good, but perhaps the full exception is a bit too much, how about:

```suggestion
    class TestClass:

        def test_method(self, /, *, fixture): ...

Before, this caused an internal error in pytest.
```
